“Of all men’s miseries the bitterest is this: to know so much and to have control over nothing.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half of the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“After all, no one is stupid enough to prefer war to peace; in peace sons bury their fathers and in war fathers bury their sons.” ― Herodotus
“If a man insisted on always being serious, and never allowed himself a bit of fun and relaxation, he would go mad or become unstable without knowing it.” ― Herodotus
“The saddest aspect of life is that there is no one on earth whose happiness is such that he won't sometimes wish he were dead rather than alive.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal, while others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“The most hateful grief of all human griefs is this, to have knowledge of the truth but no power over the event.” ― Herodotus
“The worst pain a man can suffer: to have insight into much and power over nothing.” ― Herodotus
“Men trust their ears less than their eyes.” ― Herodotus
“Force has no place where there is need of skill” ― Herodotus, Historiae 1-4
“In peace, children inter their parents; war violates the order of nature and causes parents to inter their children.” ― Herodotus
“Historia (Inquiry); so that the actions of of people will not fade with time.” ― Herodotus
“Happiness is not fame or riches or heroic virtues, but a state that will inspire posterity to think in reflecting upon our life, that it was the life they would wish to live.” ― Herodotus
“Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks” ― Herodotus
“It is the greatest and the tallest of trees that the gods bring low with bolts and thunder. For the gods love to thwart whatever is greater than the rest. They do not suffer pride in anyone but themselves.” ― Herodotus
“Hippocleides doesn't care.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“They made it plain to everyone, however, and above all to the king himself, that although he had plenty of troops, he did not have many men.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“No one is so senseless as to choose of his own will war rather than peace, since in peace the sons bury their fathers, but in war the fathers bury their sons.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“Now it happened that this Candaules was in love with his own wife; and not only so, but thought her the fairest woman in the whole world. This fancy had strange consequences.” ― Herodotus
“The longer the span of someone’s existence, the more certain he is to see and suffer much that he would rather have been spared.” ― Herodotus, The Histories
“human prosperity never abides long in the same place,” ― Herodotus, The Histories
