“Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” ― Seneca
“All cruelty springs from weakness.” ― Seneca, Seneca's Morals: Of a Happy Life, Benefits, Anger and Clemency
“Non est ad astra mollis e terris via" - "There is no easy way from the earth to the stars” ― Seneca
“Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful.” ― Seneca
“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, On the Shortness of Life
“As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.” ― Seneca
“Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms -- you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older.” ― Seneca
“If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.” ― Seneca the Younger
“It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.” ― Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters
“It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. ... The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, On the Shortness of Life
“It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. ” ― Seneca
“Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.” ― Seneca
“If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you’re needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Letters from a Stoic
“He who is brave is free” ― Seneca
“Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Letters from a Stoic
“What need is there to weep over parts of life? The whole of it calls for tears.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“No man was ever wise by chance” ― Seneca
“They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn.” ― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life
“Associate with people who are likely to improve you.” ― Seneca
“He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.” ― Seneca
“I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.” ― seneca, Peace of Mind
“Only time can heal what reason cannot.” ― Seneca
“Timendi causa est nescire - Ignorance is the cause of fear.” ― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Natural Questions
“Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.” ― Seneca
