“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.” ― Epicurus
“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.” ― Epicurus
“He who is not satisfied with a little is satisfied with nothing.” ― Epicurus
“Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of friends.” ― Epicurus, A Guide To Happiness
“The wealth required by nature is limited and is easy to procure; but the wealth required by vain ideals extends to infinity.” ― Epicurus
“Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.” ― Epicurus
“You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.” ― Epicurus
“It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.” ― Epicurus
“Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance.” ― Epicurus
“It is not so much our friends' help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us.” ― Epicurus
“I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know.” ― Epicurus
“The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.” ― Epicurus
“If the gods listened to the prayers of men, all humankind would quickly perish since they constantly pray for many evils to befall one another.” ― Epicurus
“Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back.” ― Epicurus
“I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)” ― Epicurus
“He who has peace of mind disturbs neither himself nor another.” ― Epicurus
“Haec ego non multis (scribo), sed tibi: satis enim magnum alter alteri theatrum sumus. I am writing this not to many, but to you: certainly we are a great enough audience for each other.” ― Epicurus
“do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not” ― Epicurus
“Don't fear the gods,Don't worry about death;What is good is easy to get, andWhat is terrible is easy to endure.” ― Epicurus, The Epicurus Reader: Selected Writings and Testimonia
“Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering.” ― Epicurus
“The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.” ― Epicurus
“The fool’s life is empty of gratitude and full of fears; its course lies wholly toward the future.” ― Epicurus
“We must, therefore, pursue the things that make for happiness, seeing that when happiness is present, we have everything; but when it is absent, we do everything to possess it.” ― Epicurus
“Nothing is sufficient for the person who finds sufficiency too little” ― Epicurus
“He who says either that the time for philosophy has not yet come or that it has passed is like someone who says that the time for happiness has not yet come or that it has passed.” ― Epicurus
“To eat and drink without a friend is to devour like the lion and the wolf.” ― Epicurus
“It is better for you to be free of fear lying upon a pallet, than to have a golden couch and a rich table and be full of trouble.” ― Epicurus
