“No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.” ― Heraclitus
“Time is a game played beautifully by children.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“The Only Thing That Is Constant Is Change -” ― Heraclitus
“Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“Nothing endures but change.” ― Heraclitus
“To be evenminded is the greatest virtue.Wisdom is to speakthe truth and actin keeping with its nature.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“Much learning does not teach understanding.” ― Heraclitus
“Man's character is his fate.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play.” ― Heraclitus
“Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“How can you hide from what never goes away?” ― Heraclitus
“Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“It is in changing that we find purpose.” ― Heraclitus
“Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise.” ― Heraclitus
“Character is destiny” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“The unlike is joined together, and from differences results the most beautiful harmony.” ― Heraclitus
“The content of your character is your choice. Day by day, what you choose, what you think and what you do is who you become.” ― Heraclitus
“Those who love wisdom must investigate many things” ― Heraclitus
“People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“The sun is new each day.” ― Heraclitus
“The soul is dyed the color of its thoughts.” ― Heraclitus
“Thinking is a sacred disease and sight is deceptive.” ― Heraclitus, Fragments
“Silence, healing.” ― Heraclitus
“What was scatteredgathers.What was gatheredblows away.” ― Heraclitus
“All are one” ― Heraclitus
“The awake share a common world, but the asleep turn aside into private worlds.” ― Heraclitus
“The meaning of the river flowing is not that all things are changing so that we cannot encounter them twice but that some things stay the same only by changing.” ― Heraclitus, Heraclitus: The Cosmic Fragments
