“A room without books is like a body without a soul.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.” ― Cicero
“Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book.” ― Cicero. M Tullius
“To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. For what is the worth of human life, unless it is woven into the life of our ancestors by the records of history?” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“In times of war, the law falls silent.Silent enim leges inter arma” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“If we are not ashamed to think it, we should not be ashamed to say it.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Read at every wait; read at all hours; read within leisure; read in times of labor; read as one goes in; read as one goest out. The task of the educated mind is simply put: read to lead.” ― Cicero
“Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery, by doubling our joys, and dividing our grief” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Non nobis solum nati sumus.(Not for ourselves alone are we born.)” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Not to know what has been transacted in former times is to be always a child. If no use is made of the labours of past ages, the world must remain always in the infancy of knowledge.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Dum Spiro, spero” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“While there's life, there's hope.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“For books are more than books, they are the life, the very heart and core of ages past, the reason why men worked and died, the essence and quintessence of their lives.” ― Cicero
“The life of the dead is set in the memory of the living.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero, Philippics
“Politicians are not born; they are excreted.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“The face is a picture of the mind with the eyes as its interpreter.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero, De Senectute, De Amicitia
“To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one’s self to die.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“The life of the dead is placed on the memories of the living. The love you gave in life keeps people alive beyond their time. Anyone who was given love will always live on in another's heart.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Life is nothing without friendship.” ― Cicero
“It is foolish to tear one’s hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
