“Friendship is one mind in two bodies.” ― Mencius
“With melted snow I boil fragrant tea.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart” ― Mencius
“Only when there are things a man will not do is he capable of doing great things.” ― Mencius
“The way of truth is like a great road. It is not difficult to know it. The evil is only that men will not seek it.” ― Mencius
“Filling with food,Warming with clothes,Living leisurely without learning,It is little short of animals.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“That's like climbing a tree to find a fish.” ― Mencius
“Integrity, wisdom, skill, intelligence – such things are forged in adversity.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“The feeling of right or wrong is the beginning of wisdom” ― Mencius
“People are distressed by their inability to do it. The problem, however, is simply that they don't do it.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed.” ― Mencius
“A great man is he who has not lost the heart of a child.” ― Mencius
“Sincerity is the way to Heaven.” ― Mencius
“Don’t do what should not be done, and don’t desire what should not be desired. Abide by this one precept, and everything else will follow.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“All beneath Heaven is rooted in nation. Nation is rooted in family. And family is rooted in self.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“Treat others as you would be treated. Devote yourself to that, for there’s no more direct approach to Humanity.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“I understand what lies hidden beneath beguiling words. I understand the trap beneath extravagant words. I understand the deceit beneath depraved words. And I understand the weariness beneath evasive words.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“Make your learning abundant and speak of it with precision, then you will speak of essentials.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“Words that defy reality are ominous. And it’s ominous reality that confronts those who would obscure the wise and worthy.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“All the children who are held and loved...will know how to love others. Spread these virtues in the world. Nothing more need be done.” ― Meng Zi
“Getting something done is like digging a well. You can dig a well seventy feet deep, but if you don’t hit water it’s just an abandoned well.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“221. "Great is the man who has not lost his childlike heart."~” ― Mencius
“Friends are the siblings God never gave us” ― Mencius
“I am not fond of disputation; I have no alternative.” ― Mencius, Mencius
“Words that speak of things close at hand and carry far-reaching implications – those are the good words.” ― Mencius, Mencius
