“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.” ― Socrates
“The unexamined life is not worth living.” ― Socrates
“I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think” ― Socrates
“There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.” ― Socrates
“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” ― Socrates
“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.” ― Socrates
“Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people.” ― Socrates
“To find yourself, think for yourself.” ― Socrates
“Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.” ― Socrates
“By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher.” ― Socrates
“He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.” ― Socrates
“Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant.” ― Socrates
“Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.” ― Socrates
“No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.” ― Socrates
“The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.” ― Socrates
“Know thyself.” ― Socrates
“Let him who would move the world first move himself.” ― Socrates
“Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.” ― Socrates
“Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.” ― Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates
“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.” ― Socrates
“The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.” ― Socrates
“The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our separate ways, I to die, and you to live. Which of these two is better only God knows.” ― Socrates
“Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.” ― Socrates
“I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world."[As quoted in Plutarch's Of Banishment]” ― Socrates
“Every action has its pleasures and its price.” ― Socrates
“Prefer knowledge to wealth, for the one is transitory, the other perpetual.” ― Socrates
“We cannot live better than in seeking to become better.” ― Socrates
